The biggest barrier to entry, to join the navy, and basically the military
in general, is that you have to be able to follow directions. And
even though that sounds like a very small task, it shows up everywhere
in everything that you do, from from doing the simplest of tasks
to writing your name to you know making a list of things to do in
a complex procedure you know, and everything that's in between those
two, those two distinct elements. So of course the people who are
really bright, they get the more complex jobs you know, the Navy is
really good about that, but no matter what your job is, you're going
to find yourself faced with a complex situation, and it's very important
to follow directions because people's lives are at stake. You
can actually get someone killed with some of the things that you do.
Even if you're a painter or a boat driver or an electrician, no matter
what you do it's gonna affect somebody some way, and you're not
really familiar with exactly how it's going to affect people. So you
have to really do the job that people tell you to do because you can't
see all the dangers that are associated with it.